Describe additional guarantee (#2448)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/cdc.md

* Change records are sharded across topic partitions by primary key.
* Each change is only delivered once (exactly-once delivery).
* Changes by the same primary key are delivered to the same topic partition in the order they took place in the table.

> * Change record is delivered to the topic partition only after the commit of the corresponding transaction in the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Change record is delivered to the topic partition only after the corresponding transaction in the table has been committed.
```
